The first aim is to create a character device driver and observe 
the system behavior with the skeleton read/write functions. 
Start out with the echo_cdev driver skeleton in the 
directory echo_cdev. Follow these steps: 


1. Document the *echo_init()* function. See the comments // TODO comment 1 - 4
2. Add error handling to the *device_create()* call, print a trace message upon successful initialization with the device major and minor number.
3. Load the character device driver and validate that the major/minor number printed in kernel trace matches the one on the file system. Note your observation after the *device_create()* call in *echo_init().
4. The skeleton registers both read and write functionality. Both skeleton functions are empty. The next two steps let you explore what happens when using the */dev/echo0* without any implementation. 
5. Test the *echo_write()* function. First open another shell by ssh for safety (you will need it). Then, use  ```echo hello >  /dev/echo0```. Use ```top``` to examine the system status. Describe your observation and assumtions of why this happened in the issue, and make a warning above the return statement of *echo_write()*. **HINT: Look into the defintion of the meaning of the return value.**
6. Test the *echo_read()* function by using ```cat /dev/echo0```. Describe your observation in the issue. Describe the meaning of the return value in a comment above return of *echo_read()*. Compare against the previous result.
7.  Commit (reference the issue in the commit message), and close the issue.