## AudioTX Kernel Driver and Usermod Player

The structure of the audio driver is more complex than the prelab’s echo
driver. The echo driver is a kernel driver with a single instance.
Conversely, the audio output is a *platform* driver (recollect that the
AXI Timer in lab 3 was also a platform driver), able to handle multiple
instances. In result the audio driver has a two-level initialization,
`esl_audio_init` for the class, and `esl_audio_probe` for each instance.

1.  In the directory kaudio, start with a new project README with an
    initial description and commit your code.

2.  Transfer the code for AXI FIFO initialization and de-initialization
    from your user-level implementation into the `esl_audio_probe()` and
    `esl_audio_remove()` function.

3.  The character device creation is split into two parts:
    `esl_audio_init` allocates the range of char devices (max 16 in our
    case), while `esl_audio_probe` creates a particular instance of a
    character device. This allows having multiple character devices,
    e.g. `/dev/mydev0`...`/dev/mydevN`.

    The function `esl_audio_init` has allocated a character device
    region (reserved the space). Now, in `esl_audio_probe` function
    create a character device for an actual instance of the AXI FIFO.
    The driver global counter (`instance_count`) tracks the number of
    instances. Initialize the character device in the `esl_audio_probe`
    function, and increment a counter for total instance count.

4.  Use the implementation of lab5-pre to guide you in
    the implementation of the `esl_audio_write()` function. Allocate a
    buffer for each instance of the driver, copy data from the user
    space into this buffer and from there into the AXI FIFO. Make sure
    to perform all necessary checks such as checking if there is space
    in the FIFO before writing, for example. Recall from your
    implementations in lab5-pre and lab5. If the TX FIFO
    is full put the driver to sleep using
    [`usleep_range()`](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/v4.19/driver-api/basics.html#c.usleep_range).
    Defining a range of sleep time allows the kernel to group timer
    calls together that can tolerate a time range to improve efficiency
    (use fewer timer interrupts).

5.  Create a project directory `usermode-player`, create a new README in
    there with a minimal description. Copy the `usermode-hw-player` as a
    starting point into the new directory. Commit to record the starting
    point.

6.  Modify your `usermode-player` to write into the character device
    instead of directly writing to the AXI FIFO registers. You must keep
    the alsa initialization in place for this to work.

7.  Validate that audio can be played correctly.
