### 6. Performance Impacts

In this assignment, we will investigate performance impacts through
buffering. In addition, it converts from a timer to using interrupts for
synchronization.

1.  What is the difference between the `write` and `fwrite` C functions?
    What happens when you use the former or the latter to write into
    your character device? Verify the write sizes / calls in the kernel
    driver. How could this affect the overall performance of the system
    and the performance of the audio kernel driver? Document the
    discussion in the Design Discussion section of the main README.

2.  Inside the `esl_audio_write` function of your kernel driver, if the
    FIFO is full then you would sleep and wait until it is possible to
    write to it. During this interval you would be polling the FIFO to
    analyze its fullness. How does the polling interval affect the
    system performance? How is it different from the case when the
    polling was done in the userspace application? Quantify the
    differences by analysing system load. To test the extreme, comment
    out the `usleep_range()` call. Document the discussion in the Design
    Discussion section of the main README.

3.  The AXI FIFO has an TX FIFO programmable empty interrupt. Consult
    the datasheet on which conditions trigger this interrupt. How can
    you use this interrupt to avoid polling in the blocking write call?
    Enable this interrupt and handle it in the interrupt handler.
    Replace your `usleep` + polling statements in the write function
    with the kernel macro
    [`wait_event_interruptible`](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/v5.10/driver-api/basics.html#c.wait_event_interruptible),
    and use the `wake_up` macro in the interrupt handler to continue
    execution when the programmable empty threshold is triggered.
    Explain how is this approach different from the previous one. 
    